I'm doing things a bit differently this time around.

This document is just for my personal notes and pseudo-code.

Todo List Requirements:

    title,

    description,

    dueDate,

    priority.


        Optional:

            notes,

            checklist.

What to add (personal)?
    time (part of due date?),

    date and weekday (dueDate)?

    types (groceries, work, exercise, maintenance)?


Organization:
    Opening website should show any previously saved items on the user's list,
    (probably made up entries as a default so I don't actually have to save user data). *TOP 
    recommends just that, organized with a "default" list.*

    TOP recommends having a "projects" organization as a way of categorizing what lists are for
    what (like my above "types" idea), and provide user the means to choose which projects user
    todo lists should be filed under.

    Button to add new entry.

    Button to remove an entry.

    Button to "cross off" an entry (keeping, but showing as completed).
    Maybe upcoming?

    Should list items be automatically sorted by time, or priority (or both)?

    pseudo code:
    page title: My Todo

        headline: today's date (time, too? Maybe default rather than literal). Maybe include number
        of tasks to do? (counts all listed, ignoring tasks crossed out and deleted.)

            Button with mouseClickEvent to add new project entry.
                Creates form element when clicked with user entry fields for activity name, dueDate,
                description, priority, notes, checklist, (and project type? Maybe with previous projects
                as available options, i.e. meals, meetings, healthcare, etc.).
                    Two buttons with clickEvents:
                        Add task,
                        Cancel.

            List of items ordered by priority (and/or time).
                mouseHoverEvent shows three symbols for edit, mark complete, and delete.

Pseudo Code for creating todo logic:
    addTaskBtn -> clickEvent -> display form with fields
        fields: title, description, dueDate, priority, notes(optional), checklist(optional).
            title: simple string field for a name (i.e. school out)
            description: another simple string (i.e. pick up kids from school.)
            dueDate: adding date-fns webpack library for adding date.
            priority: Probably just use a simple picker with a button or drop down for high, med, low.
            notes: Another string field most likely.
            checklist: This would make sense for certain todos like shopping or other multi-step todos.

What I've done so far:
    Set up webpack with barebones files (package.json, index.js, webpack.config.js) and ran npm 
    webpack.
    Installed html-webpack-plugin. Added template.html file (per webpack tutorial lesson).
    Installed CSS loaders and created styles.css file. Added import of CSS file to index.js.
    *Note: Not adding local images at this point. Might later for icons.*
    Installed dev-server but had errors when running npx webpack serve.
        -Fixed
    Starting CSS structuring.
    Rewrote several (all?) entries in index.js for better structure/clarity.
    Removed borders and background from buttons. Will need mouse hover events.
    Set left nav buttons to justified to the start of parent divs.
    Reworked CSS some more, added some default homepage elements to get a sense of organization.
    Configured CSS to what I think is probably as close as I want to get for now.
    
    Added Team block to right pane as placeholder and copied info from todoist example. Will
    use organization as template for creating modules (and clean up code with efficiency rather 
    than have two separate areas with mostly identical code).

    Added scripts to package.json for organized and faster npm build commands.

    Fixed team area CSS issues.
    Added HTML form and added function to task module to hide it automatically.

    I'm getting the impression I need to go back and do some of the older lessons to tackle this
    one. I think I should start with the Library project lesson, assuming I can clone the git files.

    Finished Library assignment quicker than expected. Back onto this one.
    Rewrote constructor as class in tasks.js. Adding default todo items.